1: What is generative AI with regards to cybersecurity?      Generative AI is a subset of deep learning that allows a machine to create new written, visual or auditory content given prompts or known existing data. The generation of the creation is based on the data its given. A common one that is popular is Chat-GPT. This allows users to speed up the process of their tasks. This allows whoever’s creating these prompts to build specific projects tailored to their business needs.      Generative AI can be used in the realm of cybersecurity because it allows users to enter in some form of prompt and get the necessary information out of it. In this dream AI startup, you could theoretically deploy this agent onto a clients’ network, and the agent could act as a network packet analyser. You could prompt in the PCAP file and it could give you all of the necessary practical information that a network engineer could use to determine if there is any malicious activity going on. Seeing has how these log files can be analyzed can save a lot of time in the incident response time for Security Operation Center (SOC) Analyst, Incident Responders, etc.      These log file are most of the time not going to analysed at a further level, so its important to be able have AI that can also clean up the data once the lifecycle is over. Meaning the generative AI should also be able to trace back its steps to how logs were generated, used, altered, etc.      Generative AI can also be used to do a penetration test as it can write script kiddies, uses tools like Metasploit, etc. Generative AI can also help build the reports for this consulting work as it can do a lot of the writing that these consultants will have to do for their reports.
2: What could be a good approach to improve LLM completion Results?        Fine tuning the model if you have the time, the resources and high quality data to stay up to date. If you do not have time or are looking to improve things, then might use Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG). RAG is an architecture that augments the capabilities of an LLM like Chat-GPT by adding an information retrieval system that provides grounding data. This can be used in a security aspect to start the basis for threat modelling within and outside the organisation’s network and scope.

3. What are some things you need to care about to ensure responsible AI usage?

	Harmful usage, that AI isn't used for criminal purposes. This means that Generative AI can be used to create a plan for criminal activities (such as hacking, creating plans for physical activities, etc.).	Ensuring that AI is free from bias and discrimination. This is because users should be able to generate the raw data and discern for themselves based on their own biases. When creating AI, there is harm in creating AI with bias and/or discrimination because it generates or creates data based on the programmer. This means that people who use it can actively base its dicisions on false information or gathered from the wrong ideas.